This is a password manager written in Java that allows you to save, view, modify, and delete login credentials.
When adding you give a location, a username/email, and a password. If there is already one or more credentials saved for a specific location, eg. Microsoft, then it will prompt you to either add as an additional entry for that location, cancel, or overwrite an existing entry which you choose from a dropdown box.
When modifying you choose from a dropdown box by location, then are taken to the modification screen where you can change username/email or password or both at the same time. If there are already one or more entries for that location then you choose which one to modify before it takes you to the modification screen.
When deleting it works mostly like modifying, where you choose by location from a dropdown box and if there are already one or more entries for that location it prompts you to choose which one to deelte. It also asks you if you are sure before it deletes them so you dont accidentally delete the wrong entry.
When viewing it allows you to choose from a dropdown box before taking you to a screen which shows the current location, username/email, and password. If there are more than one entry for that location, then you choose from a dropdown box which one to view.

The first time you open the program there is no file to store your credentials in. So there is a first time setup screen where you can use a file chooser to choose a folder where to store your credentials in JSON format.
It will also prompt you to create a master password that unlocks your credentials vault. This password is not stored anywhere and is only validated using a reference key that it checks it against. Without this master password all your passwords are securely encrypted using an AES256 encryption process and thus unable to be viewed directly from the file without using the program.
The encryption salt and key are both generated during each session using the master password and so it makes it difficult for someone to break the encryption.
After the first time where you setup the master password, each time you open the program it will ask you to unlock the vault using your master password. Once you enter it, you are then able to view any set of credentials or use any of the other features.

This was my first real coding project by myself outside of school or online classes. I learned a lot from creating this project, including using Swing for the first time, coding a secure encryption process, and how not to start a programming project.
If I could start over again I would first layout a plan of exactly what features I wanted, how to securely encrypt the passwords, and how to create an adaptable UI that isn't just specifing how many pixels down and to the right it's supposed to be.
The experience I gained from doing this is invaluable and my next project will definitely go smoother and I should spend more time coding and less time rewriting the same code I already did but in the correct manner.
